Comms edits (#85)
softwaresaved/event-organisation-guide: docs/eog/eog-in-practice/cw21/feasibility-stage/feasibility-stage.rst

CW21 Feasibility Stage 
========================

> During the Feasibility Stage [add link?], the event idea is being explored more thoroughly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the `Feasibility Stage <https://event-organisation-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/eog/feasibility-stage.html>`_ , the event idea is being explored more thoroughly. 
```
